getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring RocketPropulsion
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 RocketPropulsion
pushnumber 1
setfield -2 CartoonFactor
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 RocketPropulsion
pushnumber 100000
setfield -2 MaxThrust
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 RocketPropulsion
pushnumber 1000
setfield -2 MaxSpeed
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 RocketPropulsion
pushnumber 500
setfield -2 ThrustP
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 RocketPropulsion
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 TARGET NAME
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
setfield -6 Target
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 RocketPropulsion
getfield -1 Fire
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 TARGET NAME
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 CFrame
setfield -7 CFrame
emptystack
